Now that we are waiting for our JavaScript files to be loaded before we start to run our different tests
we can't go back to our current ID statement that we're working on and update this thing to have an
actual assertion.
So I'm gonna remove the console log right there and I'll do in asserts dot strict equal.
Remember the first argument to this will be what we what we actually got out of our test.
And the second argument will be what we were expecting.
So the actual value is each one that inner each CML and then our expected value is whatever we put together
inside of index dot J.S. inside of our sample web project.
I can open that up really quickly.
So the exact string that we're looking for is looks good.
Exclamation so I'll say it looks good.
Exclamation like so.
All right.
Let's save that.
I'll go rerun my tests and we're good to go.
As usual I'm going to break the test really quickly.
So it's a break the test this time.
I'll just take off the exclamation there at the very end.
Just have a different string to compare against.
I'll say the file again run my tests again and I'll see very plainly.
Yeah we definitely had the right text inside that each one element.
So I'd say that this looks pretty good all right.
So I'm going to fix the test backup by putting the exclamation in there again.
No I think we should definitely write one last test to make sure that this thing shows some kind of
appropriate error message.
If we put in an invalid email so for that I'm going to take this entire it block that we have right
here.
I'm going to copy it and throw it right underneath.
So here's the duplicate right here I've got the same test two in a row right now on the second one.
I'll change the description I'll say it shows a fail message with an invalid email and I left off the
L on email SMS.
I'm just gonna fix that up really quickly in both locations.
So now we need to make sure that when we put some value into the input we put in an invalid email so
I'll just delete everything after that and also have like some random characters.
So now when we tried to submit the form and we do our strict equal check right here rather than expecting
to see looks good we'll expect to see the error message which is we go back to index not just once again
invalid email.
That's what we're looking for.
It's all change the message that we're looking forward to invalid email I'll saved us up look back over
run TV and we're good to go.
Okay.
Well that is pretty much it.
That is our testing framework.
So we now have this tiny little bit of code.
Like really there's not a lot going on here for our team project that we can use to test a node application
as we saw with our sample project with the for each function.
And we can also use it very easily for our sample web project as well.
We can load up some entire H TO MAIL document that's gonna give us a entire copy of our application
running inside the browser so we can write out some tests like you see right here that just directly
look at different DOM elements and manipulate them in some fashion and then make us an assertion about
them at the very end so I hope you enjoyed putting this little testing framework together.
Has I mentioned earlier.
I was really looking forward to this and I hope you enjoyed putting it together with me.
We saw a lot to learn about so let's take a pause right here and continue in just a moment.